hi guys so I'm gonna make an elf of the
day for you right now this is a video
doesn't respond to some people who said
that they miss kind of like my old out
for the outfits of the day sorry and
just they miss simpler outfits so this
is something that I would usually do an
outfit of the day and say that this is a
bit of a boring outfit but to I guess
most people this is just realistic and
for me it's realistic to this is more
what i wear day today so we just
whatever show you my outfit for today i
like it i feel kind of has like a 7 d's
ish vibe to it um so it's really kind of
interesting i'm wearing this sweater
that um is long and 10 and kind of like
bells at the wrists of it and i really
like that and obviously it's like
knitted in wool it has a thing about
rope belt thing so you can tie it or
whatever but i don't really like that so
i just take the belt obviously and tuck
it in the pockets um this sweater is
from blue notes if you guys know what
that is it's i know they have it in
canada um I my stepmom actually just
gave me this sweater the other day cuz
she said that it didn't fit her anymore
and I really really like it a lot so I
said to wear it today and I'm just
wearing it with this plain black long
sleeve shirt that I got recently from
H&M and I have wanted a lot so you guys
are probably seen it and I'm wearing it
with this um necklace that i got from
hmmm that kind of has this a little
design on the end and then it's just a
red string and then these are my normal
necklaces they're just tangled on one
another and then i'm wearing these
jeans which I also got for my stepmom
and their tag says they're takes his
gene works and co so I have no idea what
that is but essentially they're just a
light wash jean um they are a bit more
than high-waisted my belly button it a
bit less than high waisted rather my
belly button is about here so it's not
too far they're not low rise by any
means the back pockets look like this
which I don't I don't really like but I
kind of like it it has that kind of 70s
maybe 60s vibe and then they are they
flare out of it at the bottom which I
love it's totally coming back in I
really want to get huge bell-bottoms but
again my step mom gave these to me so I
got them for free so I took them and I'm
working with them making them what I
like and then I'm wearing them with my
booties from zara that i wear all the
time in a lot of my videos and I really
contemplated wearing different shoes I
thought I want to wear moccasins or
maybe a nice pair of like flats or
loafers but I just tried them all along
with the pants and a few pairs on rather
with the pans and I said I really liked
how these look the best and then I'm
going to be wearing my jacket from zara
which looks like this and then I'm just
thinking of wearing with that um I'm
thinking of wearing my fur stole with it
but I'm not sure it's not particularly
warm and it's hard to keep on so yeah
but whatever
so that's an outfit of the day so I
actually kind of talked a lot um today I
am doing a very very natural makeup let
me know if you maybe you guys want to
see a tutorial on this I could really
easily do this um but I guess it's not
that hard to figure out on your own but
anyway I should go I have to go to
school I hope everyone has a wonderful
day please comment and subscribe and let
me know what you think of my video and
you think of my outfit and I'm always
open to requests in all videos so let me
know if there's anything that you want
to see ok thanks guys I'll see you later
right